To retrieve such a dynamic parameter here, I can simply go to my user component and here let's say I
went to output the loaded
ID, so here loaded ID, I'll move it above the button here and I'll add my data method to store the
property or or this ID I'm getting in a property, ID
and this shall now be this.$route.params.id, this is how you access your data. You visit the or you access the
route object, $route again provided by vuejs, so router is the router itself where we
could navigate and so on and $route is the active route,
so the route which was loaded and this route happens to have a params object.
Again, you can visit the vue router documentation to learn more about all available objects or properties
in general on the route object.
Now params again is an object which holds key value pairs all of the parameters we're passing in the
route.
Now we only have one key set up, ID here which is why we can access it like this
in here, ID, now and that allows me to dynamically output it here,
so by simply outputting ID between curly braces and now you already see loaded ID is 10
and if I manually change this here, you'll see now it's 5.
This is how you can access the parameter you're passing,
how you can pass it dynamically in the first place and then output it like this in your template.
You don't have a problem with accessing it on your route because this component will only be created
once your route has been loaded,
so this ID parameter will always be available when you access it here but there is a case where you
will encounter a problem and we'll have a look at this case in the next video.